.
Thank you very much for spending this
week with me.
I think we have learned a lot, we learned
a lot of very important basic concepts on
image enhancement.
And next week we are going to learn even
more and we are getting close to the end
of the first half of this class which is
basically the basic fundamental the
mentioned concepts.
And as we talk earlier, the second half
will be about more advanced topics in
image processing.
For those that are interested, we are
going to conclude this week with some
hints in my board that I left you to
prove what we saw in the previous video
about gradients, and what's a gradient?
What that it means to go in a gradient.
What is the direction of maximal change?
So if you can sneak in the back, and
actually have half of the proof there.
That's unnecessary for you to keep
understanding what's going to happen in
the next six weeks.
This is only if you're super curious
about that concept.
Thank you very much.
It's very dark here.
It's night at Duke University and I'm
going to see you again next week.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.